## Instruction when we started this project

Step (1) : Installing express generator globally
npm install -g express-generator@4.16.1

Step (2) : creating an express application 
-- this will create all the initial files to start an express server it is called scaffolding out an express application 
express nucampsiteServer


Step (3) : There are two option if step two did not work 
you can use the following command

npx express-generator@4.16.1 nucampsiteServer

**** So what is the difference between step 2 and step 3 (npm and npx)
npm - will install the package into your application
while
npx - will execute JS package directly without installing them 


Step (4) : Installing Node Modules
-- when you create the prioject folder you then use npm install to install the initial node modules


Step (5) : then you run npm start and in chrome type localhost 3000 you should see a server express server page,, 

NOTE: if you look at the json package you will see that morgan is part of the packages that have been installed. ~ it is in charge of logging the http requests - showing thje request type and the request corresponding response. 


Step (6) : Create a .gitignore file and type inside it node_modules

Ste (7) : we copied the routes folder from node-express and paste it in the routes folder of this projecty
Step (8) : we need to link those routes in the App folder.

step (9 )check App.js

step (10) checkk App. js

step (11) copy the aboutus.html and index.html from the previous folder project and paste them in public folder

PROJECT STATUS : 


step (12) : we installed  nodemon is a development tool that automatically restarts Node applications when file changes in the directory are detected. By using it, you will no longer have to stop and restart your running node server every time you make a change. Using nodemon is optional in this course, but highly recommended. 

npm install -g nodemon

you need to change the json package
     "start": "nodemon ./bin/www"



     Note: In order to prevent nodemon from automatically restarting your application before you've finished updating your code, you will need to turn off Autosave on VS Code and remember to save manually. 


     ---------------------
     instruction for adding mongodb to express 
     1. we have to install the mongoose in the numcampsite directory

    npm install mongoose@5.10.9 mongoose-currency@0.2.0 --legacy-peer-deps

     2. Make sure the mongodb server is up and running 
     
     mongod --dbpath=data


     3. we copied models
     4. we updated app.js
     5. we updated models> campsite.js
     6. we updated routes>camspiteRoutes.js
